This directory provides two sample simulations of disk with live halos
and one bulge, disk, halo model that can be evolved using two
concentric grids: a cylindrical polar grid for the disk and a
spherical grid for the halo.

---------

Run99 resembles run MH of Athanassola & Misiriotis (2002).  The
exponential disk with an isothermal vertical profile (not recommended)
is represented by 200K particles.  The halo, with density and
velocities created using Hernquist's (1993) prescription (also not
recommended), is represented by 1M particles.  The script run99.s sets
up the model using mkpcs, which takes several minutes to run, and then
evolves it in parallel using 5 cores.

---------

Run100 uses a much superior method to create an initial equilibrium
model.  The halo is a low-concentration King model that has been
compressed by the inclusion of a masive exponential disk.  The script
run100.s first computes the density profile of the compressed halo
which takes several minutes of cpu time to converge after ~13
iterations.  It creates two tables: E0tab.dat and compress.dat that
should not be deleted as long as the results from the simulation are
of interest, since they are needed by every executable that advances
or analyzes the run.  The second step is to draw particles from the DF
of the compressed halo.  Next, the script uses mkpcs to set up the
file run100.pcs0.  Finally, the simulation is run in parallel using 5
cores.

---------

Run200 also uses compress to set up an equilibrium three component
system of both a bulge and halo in the presence of the disk.  Thus
there are two compressible components in this model.  A single run of
compress computes the equilibrium total potential and the compressed
density profiles of both the bulge and the halo.  Then particles are
selected from the DF of each component.  After that script sets up the
simulation and runs it for 50 dynamical times.  In all, the script
will take 4-5 hours to execute, of which only the first 10% is setting
up the model.  It will create about 1GB of data in files, the largest
one of which (run200.grt) is useful only if the run will be continued.
